ace
Monday the counselor 19 of this month in the same program I liked a lot
and there is a conscience because I felt that the people of the church have the
chimney we gave the municipality of Lugo the facts
and I wanted to share that condition that understands them that has important the
gospel
and maybe apply for 0 the counselor because I love working with youth
and I was attracted to the idea because when they resisted participating with him
present in irán sale of music of santa lucía
I attended the report for four years
I liked it so much that I wanted to join them in these guys have a year and a half
In Myself
and then they say that these activities for youth
because I had a gospel scoop, I think that's what more than the
big difference
while the fourth is a very enriching experience
that's why the whole week out of the world
and for a week they have the opportunity to live in misery and that
great
who thinks that energy should be fun press
there is a differentiating element
it's a short period of time to escape from reality
something like a criminal
you also have the opportunity to focus on spiritual things and
hardly credible private
téllez kuenzler young people from different places with common interests and has
sense within the group
this happens
here in the opportunity to share what they have in common with us guys
they are all young people are trying to appear to be more accurate are people
who want to make good decisions that who so good
despite the challenges that may arise
It can be a challenge when you have a place where you are the only one
church member schools
but then I've decided this little piece of heaven where there are guys like you
if they want to serve is imminent
they want to be better people
this will bring a major change in our lives that you see resting from
life in the lives of others
use within the gospel is that of many young people come sharing with
people of the same age
that they think my principles and this in having fun together they present these
people have
finally carlos with each other
the defenses parts
many of our ancestors
for young women who have a lot in me
- I feel that other guys
although the principles that they
I think you can strengthen two a lot and it can help you feel is a
big party they can church because it is and understand that no
They are closed
and that's something fantastic
award twice in this situation of death
nothing help
the best part of that moment is not had and is that the progress of the
Girls
the first week of the month and if it spans the world is aware of
that
we just have interests that's something that impressed me so much
not